The Escape Artist: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Escape Artist 
 s1e1 - Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Escape Artist (2013): Season 1, Episode 1 - Part 1 - full transcript 
 Will Burton is a junior barrister known as the Escape Artist for his skill at having his clients' cases discharged in court and Richard Mayfield, head of Will's chambers, wants him to go ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Taxi!
 Can you take me here, please?
 Right, Charles, sorry about that. OK,
let me fill you in on where we are.
 We had the cocaine in a holdall.
 We moved into the car park where we
saw our friend Mr Scott walking out
 from behind his van holding a
double-barrelled shotgun.
 OK, listen, see you in about an hour.
 OK. OK, bye.
 Sorry about that. I'm a lawyer.
 Honestly.
 Jamie's dad, Mr Burton,
 has come in today to talk about what
he does at work.
 Hi. Do any of you know what
a barrister does? Yes, Jamie?
 He stops people from going to
prison. And how does he do that?
 He tells a court that someone didn't
do a crime.
 And sometimes the evidence doesn't
cut it.
 And sometimes that means he can't
come on holiday like he promised.
 Actually, my job is mostly standing
up and talking to a judge in court.
 What do you talk about? If someone
said they saw you take your
classmate's pen,
 and you said you didn't, my job would
be to show that whoever saw you was
mistaken.
 What happens if I did take the pen
anyway? Well, then you'd be guilty.
 Yeah, but what if I said I didn't
take it, and the person who saw me
has bad eyesight,
 and you're so good at arguing they
can't be sure it was me who took it?
 Ah! Well, then, that's what you call
a reasonable doubt.
 So I get to keep the pen? Yes, but
then you'd be getting away with it.
 Only if your dad was on my side.
 Hi, Charles. Will. Are we ready?
 Crown called. Seems Maggie Gardner's
stepping in as lead junior. Again?
 Surprised she could squeeze in a
case between TV appearances.
Suppose I'm flattered.
 It's like a derby match with you.
They should sell tickets.
 It was the only object Mr Kumarin had
to hand.
 A hunting knife is not a defensive
weapon! The clue is in the name.
 Miss Gardner. I apologise, My Lord.
A man about to be attacked does not
have to wait for permission.
 The law tells us, in the right
circumstances, a pre-emptive strike
is justified.
 In this case, a loaded shotgun aimed
squarely at his head!
 We only have Mr Scott's appalling aim
to thank that Mr Kumarin is here
 and not being scraped off the
nightclub wall with a trowel.
 Well done, Will.
 Mr Will, thank you very much.
 Pleasure. Thank you. Take care.
 "Police continue to make headway
 in their investigation into the
brutal murder of Sandra Mullen,
 acting on new evidence that has come
to light in the past few days.
 Detectives are still calling for
witnesses to come forward with any
additional information
 they may have concerning the
ritualistic slaying of Miss Mullen,
 whose tortured body was found on
heathland by a dog walker last
October.
 Miss Mullen, who was 25 at the time
of her death and studying to be a
doctor,
 was last seen leaving a night club in
the early hours of Thursday morning."
 No, thank you, we have insulation!
 We have a warrant to conduct a
search of these premises!
 Come back after breakfast!
 Mr Foyle!
 After breakfast!!
 Well-played. Thank you. How's life?
Ah, pleasure and pain.
 Oh, Kate saw you on Loose Women the
other day.
 You're playing it very cool. Cool?
 This... This whole Top 40 nonsense.
 What are you talking about? You
haven't heard?
 Oh, false modesty!
 It's so unappealing, Will.
 I don't know what you're talking
about.
 We've never had a number one.
Congratulations. Ah. You'd heard
already?
 Er, no, but that explains the warm
welcome outside the robing room.
 I don't think it's limited to there.
Well done, Mr Burton. That's silk
now for you, surely?
 If you say so, Mr Monk. You fill out
the application, I'll buy a
stamp. How's that?
 (Don't do this to me!) You should
consider it.
 Don't stay a junior all your life,
hm?
 Well, Harris can, but that's red
brick education for you.
 I like getting my hands dirty. Ah,
but you're different, Will. So
very... special.
 Bonus prize. No, we're actually up
to the cottage for the weekend. Read
that, will you?
 Knowing you it shouldn't take long.
We're out of mobile range. Very
unfortunate. Tragic, in fact.
 Simkins Brown asked for you.
Personally.
 Really? Although I'd keep that
particular factoid to yourself if
I were you.
 They asked for you over any of the
silks. Can't say I blame them.
 If I was in their client's shoes,
I'd want your record on my side.
 If you're chained up in a safe at
the bottom of a shark tank, you
don't call for Paul Daniels.
 You call for Houdini.
 Oh!
 Come on.
 Nice one. Good pass. Good pass!
Come on!
 There we go, now we're talking.
 Come on. Keep an eye on the ball!
 Here we...
Oh, come on, referee!
 Grow a sac, for God's sake!
 Potatoes, she means sack of potatoes.
You're here!
 Oh, mwah!
 Oh, God... Shoot! Shoot! Shoot!
 Oh, wee man.
 I found an apple in my jacket this
morning.
 I was sending you a message -
through the medium of fruit.
 The message being? Eat fruit. You
don't think I'm getting my five a
day? No.
 I don't think you're eating anything
that isn't made from cheese.
 I think you'll find you have to
press the button first.
 I did press it. I used a pressing
motion.
 There now.
 I just did that. OK.
 Thanks for your support. Really
appreciate it.
 Come on, we're going.
 Yeah.
 Hang on.
 Get your bags off the back seat. OK?
 Hey, Ben. All right.
 Hi.
 You're the Pied Piper of bubble
baths.
 You know, there might be room in
here for a large Scotsman.
 I've got to catch up on something.
Oh, well, suit yourself.
 It's all candles and twilight in
here though.
 Your loss.
 Stop snoring.
 Sorry, am I keeping you up?
 Funny guy. Hmm...
 You were quite the hit at school
yesterday. So Jamie said.
 They seemed to enjoy it.
 All his wee pals want you to be
their lawyer now.
 They're all going to go out and
commit GBH safe in the knowledge
you'll get them off.
 Well, that's very reassuring.
 Little do they know that that large
brain of yours is full of holes.
 Your hard drive's full.
 That's your problem. I see.
 You just need to back it up now and
again.
 How do I do that?
 Well...
 Mmm. You're so nice and warm.
 Mr Simkins, why did you choose me to
lead this?
 I mean, why me, over a silk? Because
I've seen too many silks who try and
 waltz in and blunderbuss their way
through a case they've only glanced
at on the way to the court.
 Because in a case like this I want
someone
 who spends days elbows deep in
the evidence.
 Because my client stands between
a rock and a bucket of shit
 and he needs all the help he can
get.
 And?
 Honestly? Yeah.
 Hmph. Because you win.
 Are you sleeping here now,
Mr Burton?
 What time is it? Tuesday.
 I think I fancy Carlos Tevez.
 For captain.
 Did you look at these pictures?
 You ever seen anything like it?
 Before?
 I've never.
 She was alive for most of it, you
know?
 She was alive.
 "We were walking through the park,
listening to music on our iPod.
 We did not notice the blood on our
shoes until we got home.
 Because we'd not been paying much
attention to where we'd been walking,
 and our walk had taken us through
areas of deeper undergrowth and high
grasses.
 When we first saw the blood we
presumed we had stepped in the
remains of an animal."
 A squirrel, for example?
Yes.
 Did you know the grey squirrels are
killing all the red squirrels?
 I did, yes. But now they've
discovered a black squirrel.
 Mr Foyle. And that's killing all
the greys.
 Goes to show, you can't be too
careful.
 Mr Foyle. Can we please get on?
 What day do you take your laundry to
be service washed, Mr Foyle?
 Tuesday's wash day. Can you explain
why, after months of Tuesdays,
 you took your washing in on a
Monday?
 We'd run out of pants, hadn't we? We
took our laundry to be washed a day
early
 because we'd run out of clothing.
Correct. The fact we found blood on
our shoes after our walk
 increased our desire to do our
washing early. That's the truth.
 Do you normally wash your shoes in
the washing machine? I do if they
have blood on them.
 Right.
 Erm... We're going to have to talk
about the websites.
 The other side are going to try to
claim you habitually view images and
video
 that are commonly referred to as
"extreme pornography", an umbrella
term for filmed acts
 which threaten, or appear to
threaten, a person's life,
 result in serious injury to
participants
 or appear to involve torture, biting,
 sexual interference with a human
corpse.
 And that this has a link to the
nature of the injuries
 sustained by the victim.
 I don't do that kind of thing.
 Unfortunately, your credit card
statements tell a different story.
 They show payments to a number of
websites, which have been revealed
 to distribute this... this kind of
material.
 The credit cards are lying.
 Erm...
 Right.
 I have to tell you, Mr Foyle, already
this is a huge challenge.
 We're going to have to work on your
presentation style.
 What you see is what you get.
 Yes, well, that's part of the
problem, isn't it?
 Does he have to be here? Yes, he
does. Yeah.
 Here's the thing, Mr Burton,
 and I don't know whether you've
picked it up
 or perhaps your sixth sense might
have spotted it.
 I don't like people very much.
 I'm just not a very nice person.
 I'm not here to judge you. No, the
man in red does that.
 I'm here to defend you and present
your case as best as I can.
 In order to do that... You think
I did it, don't you? That's the
problem. It's not what I was saying.
 You think I did all those awful
things to that poor woman. Listen to
me. I don't think I will.
 Mr Foyle.
 I want him gone.
 He's your solicitor.
 Gone.
 He was making me nervous.
 Do you want to take a minute?
 Staring at me.
 Mr Foyle. Look me in the eye.
 Shall we get on?
 How about a nice cup of tea?
 Mr Foyle, I'm your defence barrister.
 If you privately confessed your guilt
to me in any way but publicly
maintained your innocence,
 I'd be following Mr Simkins there,
and I would have encouraged you as I
left to enter a guilty plea.
 I'm not guilty.
 Then this is where we are.
 Well, good job you're here then.
Refreshing. Let's hope so.
 Your manners.
 Full? Just a splash.
 You know, it's funny.
 The more time we spend together,
 the more you remind me of me.
 Right.
 Mr Burton? Give me a minute. Are you
all right? I just need some air.
 Can I have 20 Marlboro Lights,
please? Yep.
 And a lighter if you have got one.
Sure.
 Ah, here she is, the rising star at
57 Harlow Street.
 Now then, Maggie, I know I should
really be rooting for you
 without exception, but you should
know there is no ignominy in coming
second. Just ask Buzz Aldrin.
 Well, I demand a recount. Takes me
back to Middle Temple Moot Finals.
Really?
 Yeah, you and me. Almost an exact
replay.
 It was a long time ago. I heard
you're up against our boy Julian on
this Liam Foyle malarkey.
 Is that so? Our boy? Yes. Surprised
it's not you on the other side. Seem
to be making a habit out of it.
 Thought I'd give you a go against
someone else for a change. Had
enough, eh? Never.
 I am just thinking of transitioning
into more defence work.
 Excuse me. Sure.
 Anyway, this Foyle case is a little
too St Jude for my liking.
 He's the patron saint of lost
causes. Oh, I didn't know that.
 Right, well, I'll go and get us some
more rubbing alcohol. Great,
thank you.
 I'm serious. I've seen the brief.
Why are you doing? I'm practising
law.
 Oh, come on. It's almost a
no-questions jobbie.
 It might be exposure but for all the
wrong reasons.
 I don't do things for exposure,
Maggie. Why do you do it?
 Because everyone deserves a defence.
 There you go.
 Yeah!
 Make a wish. I wish my mum would
stop annoying me. Yes.
 Who wants a piece of cake?
- Me!
 Are you sure?
- Yes!
 OK, so you're saying there's more to
find?
 Yeah. And would you go on record with
that?
 Great. Great, OK. Someone from my
office will call you tomorrow
 and set up an appointment.
 Thanks. Thank you. Speak soon.
Bye-bye.
 Who was that? That's a clever man
who knows about computers.
 Is he going to back up your brain?
 No, it was for my work. Will he help
you win the case? I hope so.
 Yeah. Mmm...
 Oh, here they come.
 How's Kate and the family? Very
well, thank you.
 I think Maggie's in the gallery
today.
 Why's she doing that? Checking out
the competition I expect.
 That's the trouble with being number
one.
 Everyone wants to knock you off your
perch.
 Now I heard you asked for an
adjournment last week.
 I did indeed. Trouble at t'mill?
 Not really. Just needed more time.
Well, here we are, I'm afraid.
 Here we are indeed.
 I must say, I do like your game
face, old boy. You haven't seen it
yet, old boy.
 Some crimes defy description.
 They debase our so-called
civilisation
 and defy every boundary of humanity
left to us.
 Now the person who took the life of
Sandra Mullins
 can only be described as a malignant
sadist,
 who did so with the intent to
traumatise, to terrorise,
 and to inflict the maximum amount of
pain and suffering.
 And we intend to prove, without
doubt,
 that that person was Liam Foyle.
 Severe bruising around her neck,
 her thyroid cartilage and hyoid bone
were badly fractured.
 Cause of death was strangulation.
 Other injuries were sexual in
nature,
 internal and external,
 both eyes were missing,
 removed with force close to the time
of death, possibly before.
 The park gets overgrown towards the
north eastern corner.
 Long grass, hawthorn, lavender,
nettle beds.
 And did you see anything unusual on
your morning route? I saw a man.
 Getting up from a lying position.
 Mr Hughes, in your professional
capacity,
 can you please confirm the credit
card statements before you are
 an accurate reflection of payments
made by your bank on behalf of
 the account holder, Mr Liam Foyle?
Yes.
 And these payments were made by the
card over the first three months
 of this year, is that correct? Yes.
 And they were all made online to
companies across Asia and Europe,
 all of which distribute and produce
the same... product,
 namely pornography, is that correct?
 Yes, that is our understanding.
 Mr Hughes, many of these sites, and
I'm afraid we have had to visit
 them in the course of this
investigation,
 have shown acts of extreme depravity
which,
 we understand from the forensic
reports,
 show disturbingly accurate
similarities to the injuries
 that befell Sandra Mullins
before she was murdered.
 I talk specifically in relation to
the bite marks
 and the mutilation of genitalia.
Liar!
 Mr Foyle! You have one chance with
me, and that was it.
 Any more from you and I shall hold
you in contempt.
 Murderer! Silence, please!
 Mr Hughes, please answer the
question.
 Yes, it is the same card.
 Thank you. No further questions,
My Lord.
 Mr Burton?
 My Lord, before this trial began I
made a written application for an
adjournment.
 I'm asking you now to reconsider
that application in the light of the
gravity of the expert testimony.
 (Oh, come on.) This is most
inappropriate.
 An adjournment will bring vital
evidence to light.
 Let both sides have their expert, and
let the jury decide. Mr Burton,
 there is huge public interest in
having this case heard as soon as
possible.
 The fact your expert has not
mustered himself to the task at hand
is neither here nor there.
 He's not slow, he's gathering
potentially new evidence.
 It's the same computer.
 Both of your experts are computer
forensic specialists.
 I can hardly see how two trained men
looking at the same equipment
 could produce so radically different
conclusions
 that it would make a difference.
I'm afraid it simply isn't on.
 I think if My Lord could
look a little closer...
 Your application was refused and it
shall stay refused.
 I will decline from pursuing you on
contempt
 but let this be your last and final
warning.
 We'll break for lunch now - but the
train is on the tracks, Mr Burton.
 And for the sake of your client
I suggest you deal with it.
 My Lord. All rise.
(Choo-choo.)
 Will?
 You should try and sleep. I'm fine.
I mean it.
 You think you're invincible, and
you're not.
 We should get new locks on these
windows. Were you even listening to
me? Frame locks, with keys.
 Oh, God. You're going to drive me
crazy
 for the next two months now, aren't
you?
 A colleague of mine just defended a
12-year-old boy who poured
 drain cleaner down the throat of his
best mate
 because he wouldn't let him play a
game on his phone.
 The world is broken.
 You shouldn't watch scary movies so
close to bedtime.
 Yeah.
 Not inspiring much confidence up
there, Will.
 I know what I'm doing, Mr Foyle. Not
from where I'm sitting.
 So sack me. Why would I want to do
that?
 You tell me. I work for you as long
as you'll have me.
 I apologise, Will. I know you've got
my back.
 I appreciate your honesty very much.
 Shall we get on?
 You only have one computer, is that
correct? Yes.
 But I don't see what that's got to
do with what happened to that woman.
 You will.
 Someone must pay for what happened to
Sandra Mullins.
 Our very humanity is at stake, as my
learned friend has indicated.
 It would be convenient for everyone
here today
 if Liam Foyle was guilty.
 The cuffs go on and he's gone
forever.
 The evidence seems overwhelming.
 But it is not.
 We may dislike Mr Foyle.
 We might cross the street if we saw
him coming.
 But we do not have to like him to
defend him.
 Because this is not a popularity
contest, this is not a witch-hunt,
 this is a court of law,
 and in this country, when you're
accused of a crime
 you are presumed to be innocent until
proven guilty.
 And make no mistake, not a shred of
what you've heard from
 my learned friend acting for
the Prosecution
 has given any proof at all.
 I will show you unreliable witnesses,
 lazy forensic science,
 emotional appeals instead of factual
accuracies.
 Oh, yes, and the casual assertion
that my client is
 a consumer of extreme pornography.
 First, I think, we will talk about
that.
 I am an expert in forensic computer
data analysis.
 Dr Crowe, have you had a chance to
examine the hard drive of
 the computer belonging to Mr Foyle?
Yes, I have.
 And you did this instructed by the
Prosecution in this case, is that
correct? Yes.
 Unfortunately Dr Weeks, the gentleman
who has helped examine the computer
for the Defence
 has not yet finished his work.
 However, he has passed me his notes
to date and I'd like to ask you
questions about them.
 Wherever you go on the internet,
using a computer,
 you leave footprints. Is that
correct? Yes, it is.
 Even if you've deleted a file,
someone like you is able to see it.
 Most of the time. Where is this
going? In the absence of my own
expert,
 my learned friend has kindly tendered
the Prosecution expert on this
matter.
 I beg some time to explore this point
with him.
 Very well.
 My learned friend alleges that my
client paid for and viewed,
 on a regular basis,
 numerous depraved and abusive
images, including...
 "acts of torture, mutilation,
strangulation, and necrophilia."
 Um, in your analysis of his computer,
 did you establish that Mr Foyle
 had actually visited ANY of those
websites that
 pertained to those images? No, but
his credit card bills... Thank you.
 And my learned friend asserted that
my client paid for access
 to many of those websites with his
credit card.
 Now,
 why would he pay for them if he
didn't actually visit them?
 It may sound reprehensible but he's
not getting his money's worth, is he?
 How did he pay for access to those
sites without actually visiting them?
 Many porn sites were on his internet
history
 to which he submitted his credit
card details.
 That's how he received a password to
unlock other content elsewhere.
 Is it possible that his card details
were falsified at that point?
 How do you mean? That when he
submitted his details to the adult
site,
 they were taken and used by unknown
third parties
 to pay for and unlock this "other
content" as you call it.
 Is that possible?
I suppose so, yes.
 So given this possibility, if we were
to prove, in this court,
 that such falsification occurred,
would Mr Foyle be shown to be,
 in fact, a victim of identity fraud?
 This is not a trial about extreme
pornography,
 this is about the horrific murder...
Our expert was in the process of
proving this link.
 Hence our application for an
adjournment, which was refused.
 My learned friend brought these
hideous allegations to bear on this
case and I reiterate my request.
 The expert testimony cuts both ways.
 Usher, please excuse the jury.
 A matter of procedure has just
arisen,
 I need to talk to both sides about
it.
 We will call you back presently.
 My room, I think.
 My client has been falsely branded an
extreme porn enthusiast by the Crown,
 this has now leaked online to social
media, where it's been duly picked up
by the print media,
 which has now tainted my client with
the label torturer, pervert,
necrophiliac,
 so much so this jury must be
discharged and a new jury called.
Even with the reporting restrictions,
 given the press this case has already
generated, Mr Foyle cannot be given
a fair trial.
 The application is to stay the
indictment. This is absurd. I made
the request in good time.
 Yes, I know. The prejudice to the
accused
 in the eyes of this jury is, in my
view, permanent.
 Reluctantly, I feel that I have
little option in these circumstances
 but to accede to your application.
Judge, please.
 I ballsed up, Julian.
 I'm sorry. Let's get this over with.
 And so, as a result, I have no
alternative
 but to discharge the jury and
release the defendant.
 All rise.
 He's got away with murder.
He's got blood on his hands.
 You should be ashamed of yourself!
 Congratulations, well done.
It was a mistake.
 I just made sure they paid for it.
Will, good man.
 Just doing my job. Thank you, my
friend.
 Pleasure. Take care.
 So show me again. You do it. OK.
But don't watch me, I can't do it if
you watch. I'm like a kettle.
 What do you mean you're like a
kettle? If I get this right I'll
tell you. Go on. OK.
 "When buying clothing to say what
you want, use... Gostaria."
 Gostaria. "I'd like a shirt.
Gostaria uma camisa."
 Gostaria uma camisa.
 "I'd like a pair of trousers.
Gostaria umas calcas."
 What?
 "To get the right size, use the
following phrases. I am a size 40."
 "O meu numero e quarenta."
 O meu numero e qua... quarenta.
 "If they don't have the right
colour, here is how to ask for the
same thing in blue.
 Do you have this in blue?"
 Who are you waving at?
 I don't know.
 What do you mean you don't know?
 That man. He just started waving.
 What man?
 He's gone now.
 Just go in. "Are you peeing?"
 Possibly. Listen, just take a deep
breath and open the door,
 you big Jessie. I can't. I'm scared.
 "It's just a reunion." Jenny said
she'd be here.
 Who was she again? Funny.
 "At least you'll have something in
common."
 We had a deal. I can't see her
anywhere. "You'll be fine."
 No, not these people. These people
are all so...
 Hi. Hi, great to see you.
 Two-faced. "I'll tell you what.
 If you're still hyperventilating by
the cheese course,
 you can always come and see us. You
know where we are.
 And we're always pleased to see you.
 OK. Thanks.
 I'd better go. Bye.
 Mum. Yes?
 What you smiling at?
 It's a surprise.
 A nice surprise.
 Come here. What's with the
questions?
 You, you're always... Get off.
 So how's Edinburgh? Still mad.
You should come back though.
 You get a nicer house, better
schools.
 Are you considering a career change?
I'm doing OK, thanks.
 I know. I read the papers.
 Don't let them start without me, OK?
 "And still, when winter came, he..."
 AAARRGH!! AAAARRRGH!!
 Amen.
 Hi.
 "Where were you? I've been trying
for ages."
 What's happened? "God, there was a
man outside."
 I don't know, but there was somebody
outside. We are at the cottage.
 "Man?! What man?" I don't know what
man it is!
 "There was a man, somebody!" Kate.
Kate. Breathe. Tell me again.
 "He was... He was at the window,
and I was in the bath...
 He was looking in at me when I was
in the bath."
 How could he be at the window?! I
don't know but he was at the window!
 Call the police, lock the doors, stay
in the bedroom. OK? Do not go
outside.
 I'll be there as soon as I can. I
love you, OK? Did you hear me? Are
you calling them? I'm c-calling.
 Guv!
 Is it possible that one of your
ex-clients has a point to prove?
 Someone you failed to defend,
perhaps did some time?
 Well,... no.
 You sound very sure.
Detective Chalmers, Mr Burton has
never lost a case.
 Have you ever refused to represent
someone?
 We're not really allowed to do that.
Allowed?
 Cherry-picking is frowned upon.
 Everybody's hungry. Everybody's
hungry.
 Everybody's hungry.
 Aye-aye.
 Hi. Any sign of a reply from the QC
Selection Panel?
 Yeah. Look, about that.
 You might want to delay a little.
 What kind of complaint?
Unprofessional conduct.
 He didn't come to us first? Looks
like he wanted to cause you maximum
discomfort.
 Went straight to the Legal Ombudsman
and the BSB. Both barrels.
 Mr Foyle asserts that you "engaged
in conduct which is dishonest
 or otherwise discreditable to a
barrister
 contrary to paragraph 301 A1, in
particular that you expressed
doubts about
 the validity and honesty of his
plea."
 What?
 Is this true? Of course not.
 This is insane. We won the bloody
case. We won!
 Looks like it's not enough. What the
hell's he doing?
 Your silk application is going to
have to wait till this is all sorted
out. I'm sorry, it's very bad luck.
 We need to weigh in on this right
away, stop it in its tracks. Enough
firepower, it may well work.
 Danny!
 See who you can rope back into the
office, will you? It's six o'clock.
Hey!
 We'll thrash out a strategy here and
now, all right?
 Yeah, there's been a bit of a thing
at work. It's a bit weird.
 I'm going to have to stay later but
maybe we can all go up together? Can
you hang on?
 "We're ready for the off. Why don't
we just see you up there, eh?
 But hurry up, OK? I want to show you
something."
 That's cryptic. "No, not really.
Oh, and listen..."
 Oh, I am losing you.
 Nah.
 "Hello?" I'll see you later, OK?
 "Hello? Hello?" OK.
 We are here. Yeah, we're here. I am
really hungry.
 I don't care.
 Listen, we are going to wait for
your dad to get back so we can all
eat together, OK?
 "Hi, it's Kate, I'm not here right
but leave a message. Bye."
 Jamie?
 Oof!
 Jamie?
 "Try to find out if it is day or
night.
 What are two ways to greet someone?"
"Muito prazer..."
 "Bom dia. Boa tarde."
 "Where is the nearest chemist?"
 "Onde esta a farmacia?"
 Kate?
 Hi.
 Kate?!
 Kate?!
 "There is. Ha, sim."
 Kate?
 Kate?!
 Jamie?!
 Kate?!
 Kate?! Jamie?!
 Jamie?! Jamie!!
 Jamie!
 Oh, Jesus!
 Ahh, ahh!
 Kate!
 Arrrgh!!
 DAD!
 Jamie?! DAD! Jamie?!
 Jamie!
 Jamie!
 (Shit!)
 Come on!
 Come on!
 Yes! Police! Ambulance!
 Words are not enough, Will.
 Take all the time you need.
 Chambers is a family.
 Like all families we take care of
one another.
 We will run with this right through
to the end. Whatever it takes.
 Thank you. You have my word on it.
 We'll make sure we get him.
 How are things?
 Sorry. Shit question.
 I'm getting through it. Sorry to call
out of the blue, I was in the area.
 It's really great that you called,
Danny. I really appreciate it.
 How's everything with you? Fine,
fine.
 Well, we're just...
 ..pulling out all the big guns.
Going to blitz the bastard, yeah?
 What is it?
 I don't know if I should tell you.
Tell me what?
 Liam Foyle confirmed defence counsel
today.
 Who is it?
 I thought you were still on leave?
 I am.
 I, erm, I sent you a card. I hope...
 You're defending him.
 If you mean Liam Foyle, then yes.
 Yes, you're correct.
 Look, after everything that's
happened, I mean...
 I know this must be very hard for
you. I really do.
 Yeah.
 You know as well as I do, for good
or bad...
 What can I say?
 Everyone deserves a defence.
 That's right, Maggie.
 That's right.
 Foyle murdered Sandra Mullins. You
need to know that. You said otherwise
in court.
 Let that man in, you're risking
everything. I mean it. Don't be
alone.
 It was today, the plea? They should
have called you. He got bail.
 When was this? This morning. Ohh!
 Lawyers don't have an ounce of mercy
in them. They can be manipulative.
 Never said thank you. Oh, you're
welcome. See you soon.
 When were you planning on telling me?
I want a meeting with everyone
tonight. Dad! Look out!
 Is he here? They said he'd already
left.
 Why didn't you call me? Dad! Dad!
 Dad! Dad!  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 