Dangerous Grounds: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dangerous Grounds 
 s2e8 - Monsoon Moonsine - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dangerous Grounds (2012–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Monsoon Moonsine - full transcript 
 Todd has been secretly distilling rum for years and is almost ready to release the delicious results, an small-batch rum infused with super-expensive monsoon-aged coffee beans from India, to the public. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ah Hollywood thanks for coming man I'm
 ah Hollywood thanks for coming man I'm
 ah Hollywood thanks for coming man I'm
Todd Carmichael I'm gonna show you
 Todd Carmichael I'm gonna show you
 Todd Carmichael I'm gonna show you
something then you've never seen before
 something then you've never seen before
 something then you've never seen before
yeah you already know that coffee's my
 yeah you already know that coffee's my
 yeah you already know that coffee's my
business but what you don't know is that
 business but what you don't know is that
 business but what you don't know is that
have been perfecting rum and my homemade
 have been perfecting rum and my homemade
 have been perfecting rum and my homemade
still and it tastes like nothing you've
 still and it tastes like nothing you've
 still and it tastes like nothing you've
ever had before I started trying to
 ever had before I started trying to
 ever had before I started trying to
combine it with with coffees more about
 combine it with with coffees more about
 combine it with with coffees more about
that than me right the best rum is
 that than me right the best rum is
 that than me right the best rum is
distilled from raw sugar cane but this
 distilled from raw sugar cane but this
 distilled from raw sugar cane but this
one I infused with a rare type of aged
 one I infused with a rare type of aged
 one I infused with a rare type of aged
coffee from India
 coffee from India
 coffee from India
the result tastes like a barrel of sweet
 the result tastes like a barrel of sweet
 the result tastes like a barrel of sweet
aged bourbon I sent out some samples to
 aged bourbon I sent out some samples to
 aged bourbon I sent out some samples to
friends and clients and the response is
 friends and clients and the response is
 friends and clients and the response is
off the charts now I've got orders for
 off the charts now I've got orders for
 off the charts now I've got orders for
the country and people thinking I'm
 the country and people thinking I'm
 the country and people thinking I'm
gonna fish some distiller in fact this
 gonna fish some distiller in fact this
 gonna fish some distiller in fact this
is already done for my man cake so I'm
 is already done for my man cake so I'm
 is already done for my man cake so I'm
taking a big swing at this one investing
 taking a big swing at this one investing
 taking a big swing at this one investing
a half a million dollars into a space
 a half a million dollars into a space
 a half a million dollars into a space
for a full-blown distillery and a
 for a full-blown distillery and a
 for a full-blown distillery and a
finance it I'm taking pre-orders on the
 finance it I'm taking pre-orders on the
 finance it I'm taking pre-orders on the
first cases at the ROM I mean everything
 first cases at the ROM I mean everything
 first cases at the ROM I mean everything
was perfectly teed up everything is
 was perfectly teed up everything is
 was perfectly teed up everything is
ready
 ready
 ready
I'm gonna line out of the door people
 I'm gonna line out of the door people
 I'm gonna line out of the door people
who are looking for bottles of the rum
 who are looking for bottles of the rum
 who are looking for bottles of the rum
so why am I here so why are you here
 so why am I here so why are you here
 so why am I here so why are you here
yeah well you're here because we've got
 yeah well you're here because we've got
 yeah well you're here because we've got
one ingredient that's missing this
 one ingredient that's missing this
 one ingredient that's missing this
coffee from India is called monsoon
 coffee from India is called monsoon
 coffee from India is called monsoon
Malabar and it's cured during the
 Malabar and it's cured during the
 Malabar and it's cured during the
monsoon season the salty air from the
 monsoon season the salty air from the
 monsoon season the salty air from the
Indian Ocean cures it and the result is
 Indian Ocean cures it and the result is
 Indian Ocean cures it and the result is
an aged oak flavor that gives my rum
 an aged oak flavor that gives my rum
 an aged oak flavor that gives my rum
it's one-of-a-kind taste but getting my
 it's one-of-a-kind taste but getting my
 it's one-of-a-kind taste but getting my
hands on a full ton of monsoon Malabar
 hands on a full ton of monsoon Malabar
 hands on a full ton of monsoon Malabar
this time of year is nearly impossible
 this time of year is nearly impossible
 this time of year is nearly impossible
it's only sold a few weeks annually and
 it's only sold a few weeks annually and
 it's only sold a few weeks annually and
then long story short it vanishes you
 then long story short it vanishes you
 then long story short it vanishes you
know what that means right
 know what that means right
 know what that means right
that's right what does that take
 that's right what does that take
 that's right what does that take
the beaten path in India to hunt down
 the beaten path in India to hunt down
 the beaten path in India to hunt down
one guy in a country with 1.2 billion
 one guy in a country with 1.2 billion
 one guy in a country with 1.2 billion
people
 people
 people
worse yet I don't even know his name
 worse yet I don't even know his name
 worse yet I don't even know his name
everybody positon but gentlemen the
 everybody positon but gentlemen the
 everybody positon but gentlemen the
German if and to find him is gonna take
 German if and to find him is gonna take
 German if and to find him is gonna take
some new tactics like breaking and
 some new tactics like breaking and
 some new tactics like breaking and
entering Grand Theft Auto and some
 entering Grand Theft Auto and some
 entering Grand Theft Auto and some
pyrotechnics but let's rewind 20 years
 pyrotechnics but let's rewind 20 years
 pyrotechnics but let's rewind 20 years
ago I started with nothing and built my
 ago I started with nothing and built my
 ago I started with nothing and built my
company from the ground up I'm a guy who
 company from the ground up I'm a guy who
 company from the ground up I'm a guy who
has coffee in the world's most dangerous
 has coffee in the world's most dangerous
 has coffee in the world's most dangerous
places
 places
 places
for the most demanding names in the
 for the most demanding names in the
 for the most demanding names in the
business
 business
 business
pay is good if I get the coffee home my
 pay is good if I get the coffee home my
 pay is good if I get the coffee home my
job is taking me to almost every country
 job is taking me to almost every country
 job is taking me to almost every country
on the map but never to this one India
 it's India almost exciting adventurous
 it's India almost exciting adventurous
 it's India almost exciting adventurous
flavorful spicy profound cultural places
 flavorful spicy profound cultural places
 flavorful spicy profound cultural places
on the planet
 India has been calling me ever since I
 India has been calling me ever since I
 India has been calling me ever since I
began traveling the sights smells mass
 began traveling the sights smells mass
 began traveling the sights smells mass
of people and of course the cows people
 of people and of course the cows people
 of people and of course the cows people
travel from all over the world to
 travel from all over the world to
 travel from all over the world to
experience the sensory overload but I'm
 experience the sensory overload but I'm
 experience the sensory overload but I'm
here to find the impossible the treasure
 here to find the impossible the treasure
 here to find the impossible the treasure
is a coffee called monsoon Malabar I
 is a coffee called monsoon Malabar I
 is a coffee called monsoon Malabar I
have called every single one of my
 have called every single one of my
 have called every single one of my
contacts the word is there's no more
 contacts the word is there's no more
 contacts the word is there's no more
monsoon Malabar in India period you're
 monsoon Malabar in India period you're
 monsoon Malabar in India period you're
thinking well why don't you buy it
 thinking well why don't you buy it
 thinking well why don't you buy it
somewhere else right well you can only
 somewhere else right well you can only
 somewhere else right well you can only
get it in India because something that
 get it in India because something that
 get it in India because something that
started years and years ago by the
 started years and years ago by the
 started years and years ago by the
English you seek raw coffee doesn't
 English you seek raw coffee doesn't
 English you seek raw coffee doesn't
travel well it molds so what they did is
 travel well it molds so what they did is
 travel well it molds so what they did is
they found that if they put it out on
 they found that if they put it out on
 they found that if they put it out on
platforms and let long soon winds like
 platforms and let long soon winds like
 platforms and let long soon winds like
salty sea air karina quacks this
 salty sea air karina quacks this
 salty sea air karina quacks this
beautiful coffee and yellows it it
 beautiful coffee and yellows it it
 beautiful coffee and yellows it it
preserves it it's that process that
 preserves it it's that process that
 preserves it it's that process that
gives it that okey-okey flavor and
 gives it that okey-okey flavor and
 gives it that okey-okey flavor and
what's better in wrong then oak
 with our game plan now game plan
 with our game plan now game plan
 with our game plan now game plan
finding monsoon Malabar on season not a
 finding monsoon Malabar on season not a
 finding monsoon Malabar on season not a
difficult thing finding an off season
 difficult thing finding an off season
 difficult thing finding an off season
completely different challenge so what
 completely different challenge so what
 completely different challenge so what
I've done is I've begged and pleaded to
 I've done is I've begged and pleaded to
 I've done is I've begged and pleaded to
get a meeting with one guy globalization
 get a meeting with one guy globalization
 get a meeting with one guy globalization
has many countries shifting from tea to
 has many countries shifting from tea to
 has many countries shifting from tea to
coffee and India's transition is
 coffee and India's transition is
 coffee and India's transition is
happening fast specialty coffee is
 happening fast specialty coffee is
 happening fast specialty coffee is
achieving an underground cult status and
 achieving an underground cult status and
 achieving an underground cult status and
at the center of all that buzz is Sahil
 at the center of all that buzz is Sahil
 at the center of all that buzz is Sahil
Gitana anyone knows we're fine monsoon
 Gitana anyone knows we're fine monsoon
 Gitana anyone knows we're fine monsoon
Malabar now offseason it's gonna be this
 Malabar now offseason it's gonna be this
 Malabar now offseason it's gonna be this
guy Sahil is the expert on Indian coffee
 guy Sahil is the expert on Indian coffee
 guy Sahil is the expert on Indian coffee
once a month he holds a secret meeting
 once a month he holds a secret meeting
 once a month he holds a secret meeting
of what he calls the coffee society it's
 of what he calls the coffee society it's
 of what he calls the coffee society it's
so exclusive that members are picked up
 so exclusive that members are picked up
 so exclusive that members are picked up
on motorcycles and driven to undisclosed
 on motorcycles and driven to undisclosed
 on motorcycles and driven to undisclosed
locations for each meeting is it
 locations for each meeting is it
 locations for each meeting is it
overkill maybe but it is Sahil secret
 overkill maybe but it is Sahil secret
 overkill maybe but it is Sahil secret
society and Who am I to judge well I'm
 society and Who am I to judge well I'm
 society and Who am I to judge well I'm
the one who needs the favor I'm supposed
 the one who needs the favor I'm supposed
 the one who needs the favor I'm supposed
to be walking in this area and they're
 to be walking in this area and they're
 to be walking in this area and they're
gonna see us it's two guys on a
 gonna see us it's two guys on a
 gonna see us it's two guys on a
motorcycle and they're gonna take us to
 motorcycle and they're gonna take us to
 motorcycle and they're gonna take us to
the secret society falling
 you're from coffee Society Oh excellent
 you're from coffee Society Oh excellent
 you're from coffee Society Oh excellent
well that's a beautiful
 well that's a beautiful
 well that's a beautiful
all right pick your ride mine's this one
 all right pick your ride mine's this one
 all right pick your ride mine's this one
let's go I've made Hollywood use some
 let's go I've made Hollywood use some
 let's go I've made Hollywood use some
trees sketchy things in these past few
 trees sketchy things in these past few
 trees sketchy things in these past few
years but riding on the back of a
 years but riding on the back of a
 years but riding on the back of a
motorcycle through the Mumbai traffic
 motorcycle through the Mumbai traffic
 motorcycle through the Mumbai traffic
yeah actually be the most frightening
 nearly 130-thousand road deaths occur
 nearly 130-thousand road deaths occur
 nearly 130-thousand road deaths occur
every year in India making it the most
 every year in India making it the most
 every year in India making it the most
dangerous country in the world to drive
 dangerous country in the world to drive
 dangerous country in the world to drive
it so all that Hollywood slide for
 it so all that Hollywood slide for
 it so all that Hollywood slide for
making us pull over and put the camera
 making us pull over and put the camera
 making us pull over and put the camera
down so we can hold on with both hands
 hello I suck in here
 hello I suck in here
 hello I suck in here
hi how are you
 hi how are you
 hi how are you
this is my friend Hollywood hey do you
 this is my friend Hollywood hey do you
 this is my friend Hollywood hey do you
mind if he uses the camera yeah this is
 mind if he uses the camera yeah this is
 mind if he uses the camera yeah this is
fine okay well you know I reached out to
 fine okay well you know I reached out to
 fine okay well you know I reached out to
you yeah because I have a dilemma okay
 you yeah because I have a dilemma okay
 you yeah because I have a dilemma okay
it's a monsoon now I'm also a mother man
 it's a monsoon now I'm also a mother man
 it's a monsoon now I'm also a mother man
and no other coffee will replace it or
 and no other coffee will replace it or
 and no other coffee will replace it or
can replace it that's the very tricky
 can replace it that's the very tricky
 can replace it that's the very tricky
part because you've come on a very long
 part because you've come on a very long
 part because you've come on a very long
time to India in the hunt for the
 time to India in the hunt for the
 time to India in the hunt for the
monsoon Malabar harvest is over stock
 monsoon Malabar harvest is over stock
 monsoon Malabar harvest is over stock
has been sold out very difficult to find
 has been sold out very difficult to find
 has been sold out very difficult to find
so we'll need for my company right now I
 so we'll need for my company right now I
 so we'll need for my company right now I
use it in a very special way uh-huh
 use it in a very special way uh-huh
 use it in a very special way uh-huh
have you ever tried it infused under
 have you ever tried it infused under
 have you ever tried it infused under
pressure in rum no would you like to try
 pressure in rum no would you like to try
 pressure in rum no would you like to try
it
 it
 it
of course absolutely all right this is a
 of course absolutely all right this is a
 of course absolutely all right this is a
really small small small scale of what I
 really small small small scale of what I
 really small small small scale of what I
do on a larger scale back in
 do on a larger scale back in
 do on a larger scale back in
Philadelphia my secret recipe can be
 Philadelphia my secret recipe can be
 Philadelphia my secret recipe can be
mimicked with this my own white rum
 mimicked with this my own white rum
 mimicked with this my own white rum
roasted monsoon Malabar coffee and an
 roasted monsoon Malabar coffee and an
 roasted monsoon Malabar coffee and an
immense amount of pressure brought on by
 immense amount of pressure brought on by
 immense amount of pressure brought on by
a nitrous oxide cartridge
 a nitrous oxide cartridge
 a nitrous oxide cartridge
you hear that pressure and in 30 seconds
 you hear that pressure and in 30 seconds
 you hear that pressure and in 30 seconds
what I do is that when I let that
 what I do is that when I let that
 what I do is that when I let that
pressure off that nitrous that takes the
 pressure off that nitrous that takes the
 pressure off that nitrous that takes the
juices and infuses the rum with it
 ultimately like means one thing that I
 ultimately like means one thing that I
 ultimately like means one thing that I
could create with monsoon Malabar an
 could create with monsoon Malabar an
 could create with monsoon Malabar an
incredible wrong so you're ready to try
 incredible wrong so you're ready to try
 incredible wrong so you're ready to try
this yes absolutely
 beautiful you see that you didn't think
 beautiful you see that you didn't think
 beautiful you see that you didn't think
I was gonna do that did you
 I was gonna do that did you
 I was gonna do that did you
it's awesome so now you can see my
 it's awesome so now you can see my
 it's awesome so now you can see my
problem now you won't get the profile
 problem now you won't get the profile
 problem now you won't get the profile
that the monsoon Malabar gives you no I
 that the monsoon Malabar gives you no I
 that the monsoon Malabar gives you no I
will tell you where does I never say and
 will tell you where does I never say and
 will tell you where does I never say and
I say this because your fellow coffee
 I say this because your fellow coffee
 I say this because your fellow coffee
guys you know what I mean
 guys you know what I mean
 guys you know what I mean
prices it is not a problem right because
 prices it is not a problem right because
 prices it is not a problem right because
right now price is not a problem I know
 right now price is not a problem I know
 right now price is not a problem I know
a guy
 a guy
 a guy
he might be holding some stock for next
 he might be holding some stock for next
 he might be holding some stock for next
season
 season
 season
and what what's his name I don't know
 and what what's his name I don't know
 and what what's his name I don't know
his name but everybody calls him the
 his name but everybody calls him the
 his name but everybody calls him the
German the German yes you have to go to
 German the German yes you have to go to
 German the German yes you have to go to
cool you look for the German okay and
 cool you look for the German okay and
 cool you look for the German okay and
you have to have a loaded wallet because
 you have to have a loaded wallet because
 you have to have a loaded wallet because
this is gonna cost you a lot of my apps
 this is gonna cost you a lot of my apps
 this is gonna cost you a lot of my apps
and a big wallet yes
 and a big wallet yes
 and a big wallet yes
I've gotten no name no address just a
 I've gotten no name no address just a
 I've gotten no name no address just a
guy called the German who could be
 guy called the German who could be
 guy called the German who could be
anywhere in the two thousand square
 anywhere in the two thousand square
 anywhere in the two thousand square
miles that make up the district of
 miles that make up the district of
 miles that make up the district of
chlorine corn region is way down south
 chlorine corn region is way down south
 chlorine corn region is way down south
right in order to get there we need to
 right in order to get there we need to
 right in order to get there we need to
do is fly from Mumbai due south to
 do is fly from Mumbai due south to
 do is fly from Mumbai due south to
Mangalore Bangalore one head east for a
 Mangalore Bangalore one head east for a
 Mangalore Bangalore one head east for a
city called Kusum in the GAR that little
 city called Kusum in the GAR that little
 city called Kusum in the GAR that little
village is known for processing first
 village is known for processing first
 village is known for processing first
yet visit there to see if the German is
 yet visit there to see if the German is
 yet visit there to see if the German is
storing any coffee there a lot of
 storing any coffee there a lot of
 storing any coffee there a lot of
farmers all of those mountains get their
 farmers all of those mountains get their
 farmers all of those mountains get their
coffee processed and stored in coucil
 coffee processed and stored in coucil
 coffee processed and stored in coucil
magar if we can get a salt lead from
 magar if we can get a salt lead from
 magar if we can get a salt lead from
there we'll head on up and look for the
 there we'll head on up and look for the
 there we'll head on up and look for the
German in the mountains you tell me
 German in the mountains you tell me
 German in the mountains you tell me
we're looking for one person in a
 we're looking for one person in a
 we're looking for one person in a
country at one point we're looking for
 country at one point we're looking for
 country at one point we're looking for
one guy in a country of 1.2 billion
 one guy in a country of 1.2 billion
 one guy in a country of 1.2 billion
people my new business venture producing
 people my new business venture producing
 people my new business venture producing
high-end ROM has led me to India I'm
 high-end ROM has led me to India I'm
 high-end ROM has led me to India I'm
looking for one guy in a country of 1.2
 looking for one guy in a country of 1.2
 looking for one guy in a country of 1.2
billion people I don't know but
 billion people I don't know but
 billion people I don't know but
everybody calls in the Germany the
 everybody calls in the Germany the
 everybody calls in the Germany the
German yes the German may be holding the
 German yes the German may be holding the
 German yes the German may be holding the
last major stash of monsoon Malabar
 last major stash of monsoon Malabar
 last major stash of monsoon Malabar
coffee in India holding out for the
 coffee in India holding out for the
 coffee in India holding out for the
highest bidder
 highest bidder
 highest bidder
I need a ton of this rare coffee and
 I need a ton of this rare coffee and
 I need a ton of this rare coffee and
it's gonna cost me we started in the
 it's gonna cost me we started in the
 it's gonna cost me we started in the
port city of Mangalore
 and we need a truck to get us deep into
 and we need a truck to get us deep into
 and we need a truck to get us deep into
the mountains and to a storage complex
 the mountains and to a storage complex
 the mountains and to a storage complex
where the German may keep his stash the
 where the German may keep his stash the
 where the German may keep his stash the
problem is in India you can't rent
 problem is in India you can't rent
 problem is in India you can't rent
trucks here
 trucks here
 trucks here
I mean deep into that jungle most
 I mean deep into that jungle most
 I mean deep into that jungle most
drivers won't go that deep all I want to
 drivers won't go that deep all I want to
 drivers won't go that deep all I want to
get home by dark so there's only one way
 get home by dark so there's only one way
 get home by dark so there's only one way
around it I need to buy a set of wheels
 hello are you the owner James I'm Todd
 hello are you the owner James I'm Todd
 hello are you the owner James I'm Todd
so these are all secondhand cars okay
 so these are all secondhand cars okay
 so these are all secondhand cars okay
and is this this one is it 4x4
 and is this this one is it 4x4
 and is this this one is it 4x4
yeah the steering wheel is on the wrong
 yeah the steering wheel is on the wrong
 yeah the steering wheel is on the wrong
side negotiating is like an Olympic
 side negotiating is like an Olympic
 side negotiating is like an Olympic
sport in this part of India and this guy
 sport in this part of India and this guy
 sport in this part of India and this guy
already has his game face on
 already has his game face on
 already has his game face on
I mean this isn't the thing that you
 I mean this isn't the thing that you
 I mean this isn't the thing that you
want to drive to the prom you know what
 want to drive to the prom you know what
 want to drive to the prom you know what
I mean but it's that one you want to
 I mean but it's that one you want to
 I mean but it's that one you want to
take the mounts
 take the mounts
 take the mounts
she isn't beautiful but it's gonna get
 she isn't beautiful but it's gonna get
 she isn't beautiful but it's gonna get
us there
 us there
 us there
can I try yeah all right yeah good
 can I try yeah all right yeah good
 can I try yeah all right yeah good
brilliant are you kidding
 brilliant are you kidding
 brilliant are you kidding
vibration it doesn't fit like tin well
 vibration it doesn't fit like tin well
 vibration it doesn't fit like tin well
that'll get us there
 that'll get us there
 that'll get us there
how do I turn it off you see I turn it
 how do I turn it off you see I turn it
 how do I turn it off you see I turn it
off like this well yeah it's over there
 off like this well yeah it's over there
 off like this well yeah it's over there
all right
 all right
 all right
now I gotta start the ugly process of
 now I gotta start the ugly process of
 now I gotta start the ugly process of
negotiating with this guy I'm gonna go
 negotiating with this guy I'm gonna go
 negotiating with this guy I'm gonna go
into his office and get him down all
 into his office and get him down all
 into his office and get him down all
right
 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 all right how'd it go
 all right how'd it go
 all right how'd it go
and I was remarkably ya know I didn't
 and I was remarkably ya know I didn't
 and I was remarkably ya know I didn't
get a good deal nobody threw in the
 get a good deal nobody threw in the
 get a good deal nobody threw in the
spare tire for their extra charge huh
 that's perfectly normal
 that's perfectly normal
 that's perfectly normal
yeah that's just phenomena I'll ask you
 yeah that's just phenomena I'll ask you
 yeah that's just phenomena I'll ask you
to how fast you going it I mean if you
 to how fast you going it I mean if you
 to how fast you going it I mean if you
can't draw a used car salesman it's
 can't draw a used car salesman it's
 can't draw a used car salesman it's
really kind of hard to tell what
 really kind of hard to tell what
 really kind of hard to tell what
constituted parking space here you know
 constituted parking space here you know
 constituted parking space here you know
on it feels like a park you pull the
 on it feels like a park you pull the
 on it feels like a park you pull the
stop button on there thanks buddy
 stop button on there thanks buddy
 stop button on there thanks buddy
big cities like this Hollywood you know
 big cities like this Hollywood you know
 big cities like this Hollywood you know
the caste system it virtually doesn't
 the caste system it virtually doesn't
 the caste system it virtually doesn't
exist anymore in fact it's outlawed you
 exist anymore in fact it's outlawed you
 exist anymore in fact it's outlawed you
know but when you get off the grid and
 know but when you get off the grid and
 know but when you get off the grid and
you start getting out there in the
 you start getting out there in the
 you start getting out there in the
outback and it's a whole different world
 outback and it's a whole different world
 outback and it's a whole different world
what that means to us you and me you
 what that means to us you and me you
 what that means to us you and me you
can't go waltzing around smelling like
 can't go waltzing around smelling like
 can't go waltzing around smelling like
wet dogs it's simple I want to slip into
 wet dogs it's simple I want to slip into
 wet dogs it's simple I want to slip into
the coffee warehouse and start asking
 the coffee warehouse and start asking
 the coffee warehouse and start asking
questions about the German if I look
 questions about the German if I look
 questions about the German if I look
Haggard I won't get past the security
 Haggard I won't get past the security
 Haggard I won't get past the security
guards we gotta stay clean shave and
 guards we gotta stay clean shave and
 guards we gotta stay clean shave and
kind of be presentable you know I'm
 kind of be presentable you know I'm
 kind of be presentable you know I'm
saying yeah can I have two bars of soap
 saying yeah can I have two bars of soap
 saying yeah can I have two bars of soap
I might not need shampoo but some for
 I might not need shampoo but some for
 I might not need shampoo but some for
Hollywood good nerd it says it's
 Hollywood good nerd it says it's
 Hollywood good nerd it says it's
nourishing ly soft and smooth choir
 yeah
 yeah I got fireworks baby I was flowers
 yeah I got fireworks baby I was flowers
 yeah I got fireworks baby I was flowers
I can't help myself
 I can't help myself
 I can't help myself
cheap sketchy explosives I'm in what's
 cheap sketchy explosives I'm in what's
 cheap sketchy explosives I'm in what's
your most spectacular firework yeah when
 your most spectacular firework yeah when
 your most spectacular firework yeah when
I see the spot
 I see the spot
 I see the spot
I mean it's fireworks man you can't turn
 I mean it's fireworks man you can't turn
 I mean it's fireworks man you can't turn
that down all right my friends thank you
 that down all right my friends thank you
 that down all right my friends thank you
so we got all the essentials then huh
 so we got all the essentials then huh
 so we got all the essentials then huh
right exactly we got four bottles of
 right exactly we got four bottles of
 right exactly we got four bottles of
water some soap and we have 50 pounds
 water some soap and we have 50 pounds
 water some soap and we have 50 pounds
with the fireworks yeah all right all
 right thank you here's the strategy
 right thank you here's the strategy
 right thank you here's the strategy
gotta be a cakewalk
 gotta be a cakewalk
 gotta be a cakewalk
we drive quickly we make it to the
 we drive quickly we make it to the
 we drive quickly we make it to the
warehouse inside there they're going to
 warehouse inside there they're going to
 warehouse inside there they're going to
need people will tell us exactly where
 need people will tell us exactly where
 need people will tell us exactly where
to find the German we then get back in
 to find the German we then get back in
 to find the German we then get back in
the truck we drive to the Germans we
 the truck we drive to the Germans we
 the truck we drive to the Germans we
make an easy deal we shake hands
 make an easy deal we shake hands
 make an easy deal we shake hands
unlike the fuse of the fireworks huge
 unlike the fuse of the fireworks huge
 unlike the fuse of the fireworks huge
display giant party boom
 display giant party boom
 display giant party boom
piece of cake you know what happens when
 piece of cake you know what happens when
 piece of cake you know what happens when
you eat the cake what happens when I say
 you eat the cake what happens when I say
 you eat the cake what happens when I say
peace again ever don't you're gonna
 peace again ever don't you're gonna
 peace again ever don't you're gonna
start giving us bad karma dude
 Karma's not gonna be our problem deeper
 Karma's not gonna be our problem deeper
 Karma's not gonna be our problem deeper
we go more difficult it is it's gonna
 we go more difficult it is it's gonna
 we go more difficult it is it's gonna
get to communicate before the Sun Goes
 get to communicate before the Sun Goes
 get to communicate before the Sun Goes
Down we need to find a place to stay for
 Down we need to find a place to stay for
 Down we need to find a place to stay for
the night but no one is gonna welcome us
 the night but no one is gonna welcome us
 the night but no one is gonna welcome us
into their home if we're not cleaned up
 into their home if we're not cleaned up
 into their home if we're not cleaned up
that guy out there guys wash it up sell
 that guy out there guys wash it up sell
 that guy out there guys wash it up sell
you wash up rub-a-dub-dub
 you wash up rub-a-dub-dub
 you wash up rub-a-dub-dub
yeah two men in a tub all right Joe put
 yeah two men in a tub all right Joe put
 yeah two men in a tub all right Joe put
one man in a thumb you are not getting
 one man in a thumb you are not getting
 one man in a thumb you are not getting
out of this let's do this bathing is
 out of this let's do this bathing is
 out of this let's do this bathing is
this way yeah it's up this way oh great
 this way yeah it's up this way oh great
 this way yeah it's up this way oh great
thank you thank you
 I want you to stay off this region down
 I want you to stay off this region down
 I want you to stay off this region down
here yeah got a problem
 here yeah got a problem
 here yeah got a problem
yep soaping up in the river looks
 yep soaping up in the river looks
 yep soaping up in the river looks
bizarre but around here looking bizarre
 bizarre but around here looking bizarre
 bizarre but around here looking bizarre
seems just about right yeah I do need to
 seems just about right yeah I do need to
 seems just about right yeah I do need to
find a bed for the night and everyone
 find a bed for the night and everyone
 find a bed for the night and everyone
seems friendly enough but I have to say
 seems friendly enough but I have to say
 seems friendly enough but I have to say
I'm a little weirded out so it's time to
 I'm a little weirded out so it's time to
 I'm a little weirded out so it's time to
fly put my shoes with that where'd you
 fly put my shoes with that where'd you
 fly put my shoes with that where'd you
put my stuff what's up put it right
 put my stuff what's up put it right
 put my stuff what's up put it right
there if I only moved it right
 there if I only moved it right
 there if I only moved it right
you know with me you didn't move it no I
 you know with me you didn't move it no I
 you know with me you didn't move it no I
wasn't those guys this is giving me an
 wasn't those guys this is giving me an
 wasn't those guys this is giving me an
instant headache man what did we miss I
 instant headache man what did we miss I
 instant headache man what did we miss I
lost my jeans with all my stuff my keys
 lost my jeans with all my stuff my keys
 lost my jeans with all my stuff my keys
and my quills we don't have any money
 and my quills we don't have any money
 and my quills we don't have any money
dude
 dude
 dude
I'm not I got US dollar but now in here
 I'm not I got US dollar but now in here
 I'm not I got US dollar but now in here
US dollars like walking around monopoly
 US dollars like walking around monopoly
 US dollars like walking around monopoly
money man
 money man
 money man
it gets you nothing I'd the freakin car
 it gets you nothing I'd the freakin car
 it gets you nothing I'd the freakin car
keys in there maybe it's due the
 keys in there maybe it's due the
 keys in there maybe it's due the
question what the hell do we do now
 question what the hell do we do now
 question what the hell do we do now
let's think let's walk just let me walk
 let's think let's walk just let me walk
 let's think let's walk just let me walk
okay
 I sighs locks
 you know what this means don't you know
 you know what this means don't you know
 you know what this means don't you know
means you got it you ever use a towel to
 means you got it you ever use a towel to
 means you got it you ever use a towel to
break into a car
 break into a car
 break into a car
no all right first you stand by the door
 no all right first you stand by the door
 no all right first you stand by the door
that you want to get in right and you
 that you want to get in right and you
 that you want to get in right and you
lay the towel just on the ground like
 lay the towel just on the ground like
 lay the towel just on the ground like
that and then you just take a small
 that and then you just take a small
 that and then you just take a small
stones put it in the middle gather up
 stones put it in the middle gather up
 stones put it in the middle gather up
the corners this is going don't you yeah
 the corners this is going don't you yeah
 the corners this is going don't you yeah
yeah why I'm backing off and then you
 yeah why I'm backing off and then you
 yeah why I'm backing off and then you
just knock on the window that did it so
 just knock on the window that did it so
 just knock on the window that did it so
hold your the down straight please every
 hold your the down straight please every
 hold your the down straight please every
time there's a break my window of course
 time there's a break my window of course
 time there's a break my window of course
yeah
 yeah
 yeah
let's clean up the glass let's get on
 let's clean up the glass let's get on
 let's clean up the glass let's get on
the road can't make it all the way to
 the road can't make it all the way to
 the road can't make it all the way to
the German by nightfall now and they
 the German by nightfall now and they
 the German by nightfall now and they
absolutely can't show up to see the
 absolutely can't show up to see the
 absolutely can't show up to see the
German with no shoes kind of questions
 German with no shoes kind of questions
 German with no shoes kind of questions
we know what I'm starting this calling
 we know what I'm starting this calling
 we know what I'm starting this calling
up a few oh yeah I'm gonna Hotwire the
 up a few oh yeah I'm gonna Hotwire the
 up a few oh yeah I'm gonna Hotwire the
car
 every farm boy he knows how to hotwire a
 every farm boy he knows how to hotwire a
 every farm boy he knows how to hotwire a
tractor because inevitably you lose the
 tractor because inevitably you lose the
 tractor because inevitably you lose the
keys and you still need to get the
 keys and you still need to get the
 keys and you still need to get the
tractor going so you learn how to
 tractor going so you learn how to
 tractor going so you learn how to
hotwire it this is one of those things I
 hotwire it this is one of those things I
 hotwire it this is one of those things I
didn't think people actually knew how to
 didn't think people actually knew how to
 didn't think people actually knew how to
do
 but these two little suckers together
 and start the starter and it'll make an
 and start the starter and it'll make an
 and start the starter and it'll make an
off
 we gotta find a bed and some boots and a
 we gotta find a bed and some boots and a
 we gotta find a bed and some boots and a
meal we don't have any money
 meal we don't have any money
 meal we don't have any money
US dollars don't work as currency down
 US dollars don't work as currency down
 US dollars don't work as currency down
here so I can buy a newspaper let alone
 here so I can buy a newspaper let alone
 here so I can buy a newspaper let alone
a pair of boots and where we are is so
 a pair of boots and where we are is so
 a pair of boots and where we are is so
remote a size 12 boot isn't something
 remote a size 12 boot isn't something
 remote a size 12 boot isn't something
that's easy to find just a tiny tiny
 that's easy to find just a tiny tiny
 that's easy to find just a tiny tiny
villages
 let's jump out me look at the story do
 let's jump out me look at the story do
 let's jump out me look at the story do
you do speak English
 you do speak English
 you do speak English
I knew language was gonna be an issue
 I knew language was gonna be an issue
 I knew language was gonna be an issue
out here shoes but tiptoeing around here
 out here shoes but tiptoeing around here
 out here shoes but tiptoeing around here
in my socks is making it worse
 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 you speak English
 you speak English
 you speak English
I'm Todd from USA keep moving keep
 I'm Todd from USA keep moving keep
 I'm Todd from USA keep moving keep
moving on I mean what if you had like
 moving on I mean what if you had like
 moving on I mean what if you had like
just two people walked right into your
 just two people walked right into your
 just two people walked right into your
neighborhood
 neighborhood
 neighborhood
Sheila's asking if they could paint yen
 Sheila's asking if they could paint yen
 Sheila's asking if they could paint yen
or something like that right
 or something like that right
 or something like that right
it's simple math at this point I don't
 it's simple math at this point I don't
 it's simple math at this point I don't
have enough gas to get to another
 have enough gas to get to another
 have enough gas to get to another
village and I don't have any rupees to
 village and I don't have any rupees to
 village and I don't have any rupees to
buy a gas it's either my friends here or
 buy a gas it's either my friends here or
 buy a gas it's either my friends here or
start hiking without my boots protect my
 start hiking without my boots protect my
 start hiking without my boots protect my
dogs the way I see a Hollywood he can
 dogs the way I see a Hollywood he can
 dogs the way I see a Hollywood he can
take his hours right going
 take his hours right going
 take his hours right going
house-to-house trying to find someone
 house-to-house trying to find someone
 house-to-house trying to find someone
with my shoe size I'm willing to give us
 with my shoe size I'm willing to give us
 with my shoe size I'm willing to give us
a bed for the night the thought is this
 a bed for the night the thought is this
 a bed for the night the thought is this
either we go to them or you get them to
 either we go to them or you get them to
 either we go to them or you get them to
come to us I got one ace in the hole
 come to us I got one ace in the hole
 come to us I got one ace in the hole
that will get people's attention
 that will get people's attention
 that will get people's attention
who doesn't love a firework display you
 who doesn't love a firework display you
 who doesn't love a firework display you
know what I'm saying
 this is to do a reality check this is a
 this is to do a reality check this is a
 this is to do a reality check this is a
good idea I don't think this is a good
 good idea I don't think this is a good
 good idea I don't think this is a good
idea but here goes nothing
 holy mama love stop that explode look
 holy mama love stop that explode look
 holy mama love stop that explode look
down there look at all these people
 down there look at all these people
 down there look at all these people
coming it's working
 coming it's working
 coming it's working
what'd I tell you man who are you I'm
 what'd I tell you man who are you I'm
 what'd I tell you man who are you I'm
Todd I am time hey hi hi hello do you
 Todd I am time hey hi hi hello do you
 Todd I am time hey hi hi hello do you
speak English hi do you speak English
 speak English hi do you speak English
 speak English hi do you speak English
yeah I taught mime Todd yeah what's your
 yeah I taught mime Todd yeah what's your
 yeah I taught mime Todd yeah what's your
name
 name
 name
yeah I'm Todd this is Holly would you
 yeah I'm Todd this is Holly would you
 yeah I'm Todd this is Holly would you
know when you won in the village that
 know when you won in the village that
 know when you won in the village that
that sells shoes or has boots yeah I go
 that sells shoes or has boots yeah I go
 that sells shoes or has boots yeah I go
with you yeah okay I've been lucky
 with you yeah okay I've been lucky
 with you yeah okay I've been lucky
enough to find friends in almost every
 enough to find friends in almost every
 enough to find friends in almost every
country I visited but giving me his
 country I visited but giving me his
 country I visited but giving me his
boots put she Abba my top ten list of
 boots put she Abba my top ten list of
 boots put she Abba my top ten list of
the good Samaritans
 beautiful I gotta tell you these these
 beautiful I gotta tell you these these
 beautiful I gotta tell you these these
are sincerely one of the most beautiful
 are sincerely one of the most beautiful
 are sincerely one of the most beautiful
gifts I've ever been given thank you
 gifts I've ever been given thank you
 gifts I've ever been given thank you
very much I mean it means the world to
 very much I mean it means the world to
 very much I mean it means the world to
me have no idea the apple doesn't fall
 me have no idea the apple doesn't fall
 me have no idea the apple doesn't fall
far from the tree does it
 far from the tree does it
 far from the tree does it
Geoff's parents have invited me and
 Geoff's parents have invited me and
 Geoff's parents have invited me and
Hollywood to be guests at their dinner
 Hollywood to be guests at their dinner
 Hollywood to be guests at their dinner
table oh my god I could smell that from
 table oh my god I could smell that from
 table oh my god I could smell that from
here yeah this is the chicken to get my
 here yeah this is the chicken to get my
 here yeah this is the chicken to get my
setup look at that if you like Indian
 setup look at that if you like Indian
 setup look at that if you like Indian
food and you're like at home and you're
 food and you're like at home and you're
 food and you're like at home and you're
watching this this is the authentic they
 watching this this is the authentic they
 watching this this is the authentic they
did experience tikka masala a
 did experience tikka masala a
 did experience tikka masala a
traditional dish marinated chicken and a
 traditional dish marinated chicken and a
 traditional dish marinated chicken and a
spicy tomato sauce made with yogurt and
 spicy tomato sauce made with yogurt and
 spicy tomato sauce made with yogurt and
coriander and here you even get to eat
 coriander and here you even get to eat
 coriander and here you even get to eat
with your hands
 with your hands
 with your hands
my wife would kill me for doing this and
 my wife would kill me for doing this and
 my wife would kill me for doing this and
yours is just down there like it's
 yours is just down there like it's
 yours is just down there like it's
nothing
 yeah Hollywood I kid you not new is the
 yeah Hollywood I kid you not new is the
 yeah Hollywood I kid you not new is the
best meal you've added ever I'm
 best meal you've added ever I'm
 best meal you've added ever I'm
traveling with me ever support camera
 traveling with me ever support camera
 traveling with me ever support camera
down eat up okay
 there are many versions of what happens
 there are many versions of what happens
 there are many versions of what happens
next I don't know if it was the spicy
 next I don't know if it was the spicy
 next I don't know if it was the spicy
curry but what started as a beautiful
 curry but what started as a beautiful
 curry but what started as a beautiful
dinner has quickly escalated into some
 dinner has quickly escalated into some
 dinner has quickly escalated into some
sort of bizarro Bollywood music video
 let me tell you these guys like to
 let me tell you these guys like to
 let me tell you these guys like to
pardon the shoes 32 missed calls you
 pardon the shoes 32 missed calls you
 pardon the shoes 32 missed calls you
gotta listen to this one
 gotta listen to this one
 gotta listen to this one
good news you tell me you feel like
 good news you tell me you feel like
 good news you tell me you feel like
you're in their gun now 900 cases of
 you're in their gun now 900 cases of
 you're in their gun now 900 cases of
monsoon drum you know how much 900 cases
 monsoon drum you know how much 900 cases
 monsoon drum you know how much 900 cases
is a lot it would fill this house I mean
 is a lot it would fill this house I mean
 is a lot it would fill this house I mean
that's how much it is I mean as a
 that's how much it is I mean as a
 that's how much it is I mean as a
business guy that gets me really super
 business guy that gets me really super
 business guy that gets me really super
excited I mean that's a huge order right
 excited I mean that's a huge order right
 excited I mean that's a huge order right
that's gonna pay for the trip the truck
 that's gonna pay for the trip the truck
 that's gonna pay for the trip the truck
everything else the downside is if I
 everything else the downside is if I
 everything else the downside is if I
don't bring it home and pays for nothing
 don't bring it home and pays for nothing
 don't bring it home and pays for nothing
right what I do know is that I'm running
 right what I do know is that I'm running
 right what I do know is that I'm running
short of time orders like that they need
 short of time orders like that they need
 short of time orders like that they need
to be fulfilled so we need to get this
 to be fulfilled so we need to get this
 to be fulfilled so we need to get this
coffee out of this country like ASAP
 coffee out of this country like ASAP
 coffee out of this country like ASAP
hey matanda let me break it down for you
 hey matanda let me break it down for you
 hey matanda let me break it down for you
I'm still broke and I'm out of gas I
 I'm still broke and I'm out of gas I
 I'm still broke and I'm out of gas I
need to get back to the road with some
 need to get back to the road with some
 need to get back to the road with some
cash in my pocket stat so my new friends
 cash in my pocket stat so my new friends
 cash in my pocket stat so my new friends
here are my lifeline right now what tone
 here are my lifeline right now what tone
 here are my lifeline right now what tone
explains to me that there's a quicker
 explains to me that there's a quicker
 explains to me that there's a quicker
better way to get to our village and the
 better way to get to our village and the
 better way to get to our village and the
route we were on the only issue we have
 route we were on the only issue we have
 route we were on the only issue we have
is this relatively large river we got to
 is this relatively large river we got to
 is this relatively large river we got to
get across but friends from the village
 get across but friends from the village
 get across but friends from the village
have a pontoon boat that's gonna get us
 have a pontoon boat that's gonna get us
 have a pontoon boat that's gonna get us
across that river how's that sound
 are you gonna get a truck and a boat
 are you gonna get a truck and a boat
 are you gonna get a truck and a boat
yeah I got a plan oh great it's not with
 yeah I got a plan oh great it's not with
 yeah I got a plan oh great it's not with
you truck it's time for us to downsize
 you truck it's time for us to downsize
 you truck it's time for us to downsize
and solve two problems at once I need a
 and solve two problems at once I need a
 and solve two problems at once I need a
smaller ride that we can fit on to a
 smaller ride that we can fit on to a
 smaller ride that we can fit on to a
pontoon boat and I need rupees so I'm
 pontoon boat and I need rupees so I'm
 pontoon boat and I need rupees so I'm
gonna trade mouton to our truck for his
 gonna trade mouton to our truck for his
 gonna trade mouton to our truck for his
motorcycle and enough cash to get us
 motorcycle and enough cash to get us
 motorcycle and enough cash to get us
through the next few days
 through the next few days
 through the next few days
yes yes we have a deal very good oh this
 yes yes we have a deal very good oh this
 yes yes we have a deal very good oh this
is this is the difference
 is this is the difference
 is this is the difference
I'm gonna take a loss on the deal but
 I'm gonna take a loss on the deal but
 I'm gonna take a loss on the deal but
getting on the road fast is worth a few
 getting on the road fast is worth a few
 getting on the road fast is worth a few
thousand rupees thank you hello is your
 thousand rupees thank you hello is your
 thousand rupees thank you hello is your
father here yeah Kenny can you get him I
 father here yeah Kenny can you get him I
 father here yeah Kenny can you get him I
think the word pontoon boat was a little
 think the word pontoon boat was a little
 think the word pontoon boat was a little
lost in translation more like a bread
 lost in translation more like a bread
 lost in translation more like a bread
basket and from the blank stares of my
 basket and from the blank stares of my
 basket and from the blank stares of my
new friends faces I get the distinct
 new friends faces I get the distinct
 new friends faces I get the distinct
impression even they seem to think this
 impression even they seem to think this
 impression even they seem to think this
might be a bad idea this one for a
 might be a bad idea this one for a
 might be a bad idea this one for a
little bit does it well we don't really
 little bit does it well we don't really
 little bit does it well we don't really
have a lot of options is very little
 have a lot of options is very little
 have a lot of options is very little
turning back now
 turning back now
 turning back now
I just push it in the basket I've been
 I just push it in the basket I've been
 I just push it in the basket I've been
called a lot of things in my life but
 called a lot of things in my life but
 called a lot of things in my life but
patient and timid have never been on
 patient and timid have never been on
 patient and timid have never been on
that list
 it's kind of thankfully and thankfully
 I've got to get to a warehouse in the
 I've got to get to a warehouse in the
 I've got to get to a warehouse in the
remote region of southern India and let
 remote region of southern India and let
 remote region of southern India and let
me tell you if you ever find yourself in
 me tell you if you ever find yourself in
 me tell you if you ever find yourself in
India and you're offered a quick trip on
 India and you're offered a quick trip on
 India and you're offered a quick trip on
a boat to cross the river
 a boat to cross the river
 a boat to cross the river
I would suggest asking them for
 I would suggest asking them for
 I would suggest asking them for
clarification on what they mean by the
 clarification on what they mean by the
 clarification on what they mean by the
terms boat truck would have never fit in
 terms boat truck would have never fit in
 terms boat truck would have never fit in
this thing thankfully and my bike is
 this thing thankfully and my bike is
 this thing thankfully and my bike is
leaking gas truth is I could turn around
 leaking gas truth is I could turn around
 leaking gas truth is I could turn around
head towards the main road and it may
 head towards the main road and it may
 head towards the main road and it may
only cost me a five hour delay to
 only cost me a five hour delay to
 only cost me a five hour delay to
getting to the German but you know me I
 getting to the German but you know me I
 getting to the German but you know me I
don't backtrack I say we go no smoking
 don't backtrack I say we go no smoking
 don't backtrack I say we go no smoking
huh and we go really fast okay
 huh and we go really fast okay
 huh and we go really fast okay
well look at that it's really close I'll
 well look at that it's really close I'll
 well look at that it's really close I'll
be back for you Hollywood it all started
 be back for you Hollywood it all started
 be back for you Hollywood it all started
innocently enough didn't it we're making
 innocently enough didn't it we're making
 innocently enough didn't it we're making
room for my friends look at this idea
 room for my friends look at this idea
 room for my friends look at this idea
you know it infuse the flavors of coffee
 you know it infuse the flavors of coffee
 you know it infuse the flavors of coffee
in it I thought maybe is gonna be 2 or 3
 in it I thought maybe is gonna be 2 or 3
 in it I thought maybe is gonna be 2 or 3
4 cases
 4 cases
 4 cases
next thing I know I'm sitting in a
 next thing I know I'm sitting in a
 next thing I know I'm sitting in a
basket middle River in India motorcycle
 basket middle River in India motorcycle
 basket middle River in India motorcycle
spewing whew all over myself
 dude we got door-to-door service this is
 dude we got door-to-door service this is
 dude we got door-to-door service this is
my meeting incredible is this the first
 my meeting incredible is this the first
 my meeting incredible is this the first
class see and then we got to go get that
 class see and then we got to go get that
 class see and then we got to go get that
really large guy over there see
 really large guy over there see
 really large guy over there see
sometimes the crazy road is the right
 sometimes the crazy road is the right
 sometimes the crazy road is the right
Road does that feel good yeah that's
 Road does that feel good yeah that's
 Road does that feel good yeah that's
right to me make a difference not a
 right to me make a difference not a
 right to me make a difference not a
microphone in my back are you just happy
 microphone in my back are you just happy
 microphone in my back are you just happy
to hear me all the warehouses are empty
 to hear me all the warehouses are empty
 to hear me all the warehouses are empty
mostly I'll empty I'm guessing but those
 mostly I'll empty I'm guessing but those
 mostly I'll empty I'm guessing but those
people will know where to find the
 people will know where to find the
 people will know where to find the
German so I'll sneak into a warehouse
 German so I'll sneak into a warehouse
 German so I'll sneak into a warehouse
and you start asking around from there
 and you start asking around from there
 and you start asking around from there
we should be within striking distance of
 we should be within striking distance of
 we should be within striking distance of
meeting the German whenever they get off
 meeting the German whenever they get off
 meeting the German whenever they get off
this bike I hear you man
 this is the town of cuishle Lagarde home
 this is the town of cuishle Lagarde home
 this is the town of cuishle Lagarde home
of the major coffee warehouse in the
 of the major coffee warehouse in the
 of the major coffee warehouse in the
region going there smelling like gas and
 region going there smelling like gas and
 region going there smelling like gas and
looking like a rag doll isn't going to
 looking like a rag doll isn't going to
 looking like a rag doll isn't going to
get us in the gates or answers to the
 get us in the gates or answers to the
 get us in the gates or answers to the
Germans location the rules still apply
 Germans location the rules still apply
 Germans location the rules still apply
you can't be walking around or
 you can't be walking around or
 you can't be walking around or
approaching people looking like you've
 approaching people looking like you've
 approaching people looking like you've
just slept in the gutter
 just slept in the gutter
 just slept in the gutter
so keeping clean is really important
 so keeping clean is really important
 so keeping clean is really important
what I know about these small villages
 what I know about these small villages
 what I know about these small villages
they have loads of these old barbershops
 they have loads of these old barbershops
 they have loads of these old barbershops
hello
 hello
 hello
last time I tried to shave I got my boot
 last time I tried to shave I got my boot
 last time I tried to shave I got my boot
stolen looking a little rough when you
 stolen looking a little rough when you
 stolen looking a little rough when you
say so I thought I'd leave it to the
 say so I thought I'd leave it to the
 say so I thought I'd leave it to the
professionals this time let's get after
 professionals this time let's get after
 professionals this time let's get after
all I just act like you know what you're
 all I just act like you know what you're
 all I just act like you know what you're
doing
 are you working coffee okay what you
 are you working coffee okay what you
 are you working coffee okay what you
working coffee hi I'm Todd Carmen's good
 working coffee hi I'm Todd Carmen's good
 working coffee hi I'm Todd Carmen's good
thank you thank you I'm Todd Carmichael
 thank you thank you I'm Todd Carmichael
 thank you thank you I'm Todd Carmichael
from luck alone
 oh it's Ludvig Ludvig 17 the germans
 oh it's Ludvig Ludvig 17 the germans
 oh it's Ludvig Ludvig 17 the germans
Ludvig there's only one german name in
 Ludvig there's only one german name in
 Ludvig there's only one german name in
the visitors log lubic he's checked into
 the visitors log lubic he's checked into
 the visitors log lubic he's checked into
stall 17 six times in the last few
 stall 17 six times in the last few
 stall 17 six times in the last few
months my bet is he's our guy
 months my bet is he's our guy
 months my bet is he's our guy
follow me ah geez look at this man it's
 follow me ah geez look at this man it's
 follow me ah geez look at this man it's
like showing up and the party's over
 like showing up and the party's over
 like showing up and the party's over
yeah this is dead most coffee people
 yeah this is dead most coffee people
 yeah this is dead most coffee people
know about this place and all the
 know about this place and all the
 know about this place and all the
farmers in the region they know about it
 farmers in the region they know about it
 farmers in the region they know about it
too and this is where they store a lot
 too and this is where they store a lot
 too and this is where they store a lot
of the precious stock that really
 of the precious stock that really
 of the precious stock that really
expensive beautiful bean to keep it here
 expensive beautiful bean to keep it here
 expensive beautiful bean to keep it here
because it's stable during the height of
 because it's stable during the height of
 because it's stable during the height of
the season this would be just swarming
 the season this would be just swarming
 the season this would be just swarming
with workers now there's gonna be a
 with workers now there's gonna be a
 with workers now there's gonna be a
little remnants of stock in here most of
 little remnants of stock in here most of
 little remnants of stock in here most of
you most of it's gonna be traditional
 you most of it's gonna be traditional
 you most of it's gonna be traditional
coffee
 some of these stalls are just completely
 some of these stalls are just completely
 some of these stalls are just completely
empty
 this is a classic offseason scenario
 this is a classic offseason scenario
 this is a classic offseason scenario
what few bags are here our traditional
 what few bags are here our traditional
 what few bags are here our traditional
not mounting malabar I need to see what
 not mounting malabar I need to see what
 not mounting malabar I need to see what
Ludwig is holding install 1716 it looks
 Ludwig is holding install 1716 it looks
 Ludwig is holding install 1716 it looks
empty no wait a minute there's some in
 empty no wait a minute there's some in
 empty no wait a minute there's some in
there oh wow oh my god that look empty
 there oh wow oh my god that look empty
 there oh wow oh my god that look empty
to you yeah it's about a hundred bags
 to you yeah it's about a hundred bags
 to you yeah it's about a hundred bags
right it's about how much I need
 right it's about how much I need
 right it's about how much I need
he's got coffee but is it monsoon
 he's got coffee but is it monsoon
 he's got coffee but is it monsoon
Malabar I've got a quick way to find out
 Malabar I've got a quick way to find out
 Malabar I've got a quick way to find out
okay I keep going on about is the way
 okay I keep going on about is the way
 okay I keep going on about is the way
you can smell it break up a little bit
 you can smell it break up a little bit
 you can smell it break up a little bit
of this alright then my knife heat it up
 of this alright then my knife heat it up
 of this alright then my knife heat it up
and all those smoky aromas would come
 and all those smoky aromas would come
 and all those smoky aromas would come
off of it okay it smells like a campfire
 off of it okay it smells like a campfire
 off of it okay it smells like a campfire
right campfire made of oak you smell
 right campfire made of oak you smell
 right campfire made of oak you smell
that
 that
 that
mmm-hmm that's the flavor we're after
 mmm-hmm that's the flavor we're after
 mmm-hmm that's the flavor we're after
that's the real article man you can't
 that's the real article man you can't
 that's the real article man you can't
fake that
 that's about a hundred bags of genuine
 that's about a hundred bags of genuine
 that's about a hundred bags of genuine
grade-a monsoon Malabar man the German
 grade-a monsoon Malabar man the German
 grade-a monsoon Malabar man the German
has what I need but I still got to find
 has what I need but I still got to find
 has what I need but I still got to find
out where the Sun of it lives have you
 out where the Sun of it lives have you
 out where the Sun of it lives have you
heard of some people call him the German
 heard of some people call him the German
 heard of some people call him the German
and some people call him Ludwig
 and some people call him Ludwig
 and some people call him Ludwig
I think his name is Ludwig he's a little
 I think his name is Ludwig he's a little
 I think his name is Ludwig he's a little
bit with Ludwig it's still a given I
 bit with Ludwig it's still a given I
 bit with Ludwig it's still a given I
have heard of him because he's the only
 have heard of him because he's the only
 have heard of him because he's the only
outsider that we see in the farming
 outsider that we see in the farming
 outsider that we see in the farming
community what he's got is from here in
 community what he's got is from here in
 community what he's got is from here in
the unmarked muddy Kenny would you mind
 the unmarked muddy Kenny would you mind
 the unmarked muddy Kenny would you mind
showing me on a map it's close to them
 showing me on a map it's close to them
 showing me on a map it's close to them
it's about 40 40 to 45 kilometers at the
 it's about 40 40 to 45 kilometers at the
 it's about 40 40 to 45 kilometers at the
most I don't have an address but I have
 most I don't have an address but I have
 most I don't have an address but I have
the German in my sights he's within a
 the German in my sights he's within a
 the German in my sights he's within a
20-mile radius of where I am right now
 20-mile radius of where I am right now
 20-mile radius of where I am right now
it's near the village or how would I
 it's near the village or how would I
 it's near the village or how would I
find it from there anybody would be able
 find it from there anybody would be able
 find it from there anybody would be able
to bite you
 to bite you
 to bite you
who's I okay I arrive and say hi I'm
 who's I okay I arrive and say hi I'm
 who's I okay I arrive and say hi I'm
looking for this German guy right
 looking for this German guy right
 looking for this German guy right
you've known that listen I appreciate
 you've known that listen I appreciate
 you've known that listen I appreciate
all the time that you've taken what I
 all the time that you've taken what I
 all the time that you've taken what I
need you thank you right Holly are you
 need you thank you right Holly are you
 need you thank you right Holly are you
ready yeah
 I know the closest village to the German
 I know the closest village to the German
 I know the closest village to the German
so asking around at places of farmers
 so asking around at places of farmers
 so asking around at places of farmers
likely to visit the people he's likely
 likely to visit the people he's likely
 likely to visit the people he's likely
to have come in contact with like these
 to have come in contact with like these
 to have come in contact with like these
mechanics is my strategy for finding out
 mechanics is my strategy for finding out
 mechanics is my strategy for finding out
where he lives you know I understand
 where he lives you know I understand
 where he lives you know I understand
there's a man named Ludwig is a German
 there's a man named Ludwig is a German
 there's a man named Ludwig is a German
well I think and he lives somewhere here
 well I think and he lives somewhere here
 well I think and he lives somewhere here
he has a coffee farm how do I know his
 he has a coffee farm how do I know his
 he has a coffee farm how do I know his
farm is there like a number or maybe
 farm is there like a number or maybe
 farm is there like a number or maybe
three of them there's a big big tree
 three of them there's a big big tree
 three of them there's a big big tree
right at the entrance here you're like a
 right at the entrance here you're like a
 right at the entrance here you're like a
gold mine thank you I appreciate it it's
 gold mine thank you I appreciate it it's
 gold mine thank you I appreciate it it's
been a long long road and it's nice to
 been a long long road and it's nice to
 been a long long road and it's nice to
know that we're almost this close oh
 know that we're almost this close oh
 know that we're almost this close oh
yeah
 do not trespass plantation look for the
 do not trespass plantation look for the
 do not trespass plantation look for the
giant three I think that qualifies this
 giant three I think that qualifies this
 giant three I think that qualifies this
giant tree at the thirty math of three
 giant tree at the thirty math of three
 giant tree at the thirty math of three
yeah this is for sure the farm
 yeah this is for sure the farm
 yeah this is for sure the farm
do we look presentable
 I know you know that smell right yeah
 I know you know that smell right yeah
 I know you know that smell right yeah
Coffee Roasting and there he is hi good
 Coffee Roasting and there he is hi good
 Coffee Roasting and there he is hi good
afternoon good afternoon I'm I'm Todd
 afternoon good afternoon I'm I'm Todd
 afternoon good afternoon I'm I'm Todd
American coffee roaster
 American coffee roaster
 American coffee roaster
I'm Ludwig Ludwig nice to meet you sir
 I'm Ludwig Ludwig nice to meet you sir
 I'm Ludwig Ludwig nice to meet you sir
this is my friend Hollywood nice to meet
 this is my friend Hollywood nice to meet
 this is my friend Hollywood nice to meet
you guys we've been on a bit of a trip
 you guys we've been on a bit of a trip
 you guys we've been on a bit of a trip
to come see you you have a reputation
 to come see you you have a reputation
 to come see you you have a reputation
among the coffee elite here in India I
 among the coffee elite here in India I
 among the coffee elite here in India I
know that so this is it there they
 know that so this is it there they
 know that so this is it there they
talked very highly of you thank you they
 talked very highly of you thank you they
 talked very highly of you thank you they
say that you're a little mad though is
 say that you're a little mad though is
 say that you're a little mad though is
this true I've never been to a coffee
 this true I've never been to a coffee
 this true I've never been to a coffee
farmers roasts - can I see these now
 farmers roasts - can I see these now
 farmers roasts - can I see these now
you'll package this well this locally
 you'll package this well this locally
 you'll package this well this locally
restaurants yeah Ludwick thinks he can
 restaurants yeah Ludwick thinks he can
 restaurants yeah Ludwick thinks he can
make more money selling his coffee
 make more money selling his coffee
 make more money selling his coffee
roasted locally a couple of pounds here
 roasted locally a couple of pounds here
 roasted locally a couple of pounds here
and a couple of pounds there but a
 and a couple of pounds there but a
 and a couple of pounds there but a
foreign buyer like me with a stack of
 foreign buyer like me with a stack of
 foreign buyer like me with a stack of
cash is probably something he wasn't
 cash is probably something he wasn't
 cash is probably something he wasn't
counting on there's some coffee down in
 counting on there's some coffee down in
 counting on there's some coffee down in
the warehouse hmm Tata right yeah right
 the warehouse hmm Tata right yeah right
 the warehouse hmm Tata right yeah right
of that coffee I'm really interested in
 of that coffee I'm really interested in
 of that coffee I'm really interested in
hmm that coffee I'd like to know if I
 hmm that coffee I'd like to know if I
 hmm that coffee I'd like to know if I
couldn't buy it from you whatever is
 couldn't buy it from you whatever is
 couldn't buy it from you whatever is
left is earmarked for existing clients
 left is earmarked for existing clients
 left is earmarked for existing clients
no I can't sell myself out no being
 no I can't sell myself out no being
 no I can't sell myself out no being
myself a roaster I don't have two things
 myself a roaster I don't have two things
 myself a roaster I don't have two things
I don't have the monsoon Malabar I don't
 I don't have the monsoon Malabar I don't
 I don't have the monsoon Malabar I don't
have time
 have time
 have time
if I showed up tomorrow at the warehouse
 if I showed up tomorrow at the warehouse
 if I showed up tomorrow at the warehouse
for a tea bags with cash in hand they
 for a tea bags with cash in hand they
 for a tea bags with cash in hand they
really solid amount of money would that
 really solid amount of money would that
 really solid amount of money would that
be possible
 be possible
 be possible
sorry oh there's the question
 let's say hi Pat hypothetically we're
 let's say hi Pat hypothetically we're
 let's say hi Pat hypothetically we're
the same amount of money but it were
 the same amount of money but it were
 the same amount of money but it were
only 60 bags of your coffee no I can't
 only 60 bags of your coffee no I can't
 only 60 bags of your coffee no I can't
sacrifice my clients my existing clients
 sacrifice my clients my existing clients
 sacrifice my clients my existing clients
it's not possible
 it's not possible
 it's not possible
could you peel off 40 bags and still
 could you peel off 40 bags and still
 could you peel off 40 bags and still
have enough to take care of your clients
 have enough to take care of your clients
 have enough to take care of your clients
because I can really I could really use
 because I can really I could really use
 because I can really I could really use
the 40 bags what's what's your offer for
 the 40 bags what's what's your offer for
 the 40 bags what's what's your offer for
40 bags half a million rupees a Bundy
 40 bags half a million rupees a Bundy
 40 bags half a million rupees a Bundy
met the German and he's got all the
 met the German and he's got all the
 met the German and he's got all the
monsoon Malabar I could possibly need
 monsoon Malabar I could possibly need
 monsoon Malabar I could possibly need
I just made an offer of ten thousand US
 I just made an offer of ten thousand US
 I just made an offer of ten thousand US
dollars for 40 bags of coffee well over
 dollars for 40 bags of coffee well over
 dollars for 40 bags of coffee well over
twice what anyone else would ever
 twice what anyone else would ever
 twice what anyone else would ever
consider pay but to me it's invaluable
 consider pay but to me it's invaluable
 consider pay but to me it's invaluable
if I want to get this rum made on time
 if I want to get this rum made on time
 if I want to get this rum made on time
40 bags if someone said half a million
 40 bags if someone said half a million
 40 bags if someone said half a million
rupees that would bring us around
 rupees that would bring us around
 rupees that would bring us around
fourteen thousand rupees it back oh I
 fourteen thousand rupees it back oh I
 fourteen thousand rupees it back oh I
would not be able to refuse that offer
 would not be able to refuse that offer
 would not be able to refuse that offer
you would not be able to refuse that
 you would not be able to refuse that
 you would not be able to refuse that
offer you know that's the offer I'm
 offer you know that's the offer I'm
 offer you know that's the offer I'm
offering you then okay we could fall I
 offering you then okay we could fall I
 offering you then okay we could fall I
actually got the chills I'm gonna send
 actually got the chills I'm gonna send
 actually got the chills I'm gonna send
you a bottle of rum like you've never
 you a bottle of rum like you've never
 you a bottle of rum like you've never
had in your life
 had in your life
 had in your life
Wow please it's a deal then all we need
 Wow please it's a deal then all we need
 Wow please it's a deal then all we need
to do now is turn my little bag of cash
 to do now is turn my little bag of cash
 to do now is turn my little bag of cash
$10,000 into a briefcase full of rupees
 this hightail it the moment of truth
 this hightail it the moment of truth
 this hightail it the moment of truth
almost at the gate remember this place
 almost at the gate remember this place
 almost at the gate remember this place
yeah hi it's me again it's mr.
 yeah hi it's me again it's mr.
 yeah hi it's me again it's mr.
Carmichael I'm here for the Ludwig's
 Carmichael I'm here for the Ludwig's
 Carmichael I'm here for the Ludwig's
coffee I'm to meet Cheney is that soon
 coffee I'm to meet Cheney is that soon
 coffee I'm to meet Cheney is that soon
is inside this room sir oh great thanks
 is inside this room sir oh great thanks
 is inside this room sir oh great thanks
come on are you soon in hi I'm happy to
 come on are you soon in hi I'm happy to
 come on are you soon in hi I'm happy to
see you hi I have this for you Oh
 see you hi I have this for you Oh
 see you hi I have this for you Oh
beautiful is for Ludwig thank you all of
 beautiful is for Ludwig thank you all of
 beautiful is for Ludwig thank you all of
its in there you can count it look this
 its in there you can count it look this
 its in there you can count it look this
one up two three four five thank you
 one up two three four five thank you
 one up two three four five thank you
thank you thank you is that my coffee
 thank you thank you is that my coffee
 thank you thank you is that my coffee
it's that coffee there oh you can just
 it's that coffee there oh you can just
 it's that coffee there oh you can just
hop on the back and it will take you to
 hop on the back and it will take you to
 hop on the back and it will take you to
the next village all right that's not a
 the next village all right that's not a
 the next village all right that's not a
problem at all man
 problem at all man
 problem at all man
you know how much rum I can make with
 you know how much rum I can make with
 you know how much rum I can make with
this haha the man and his coffee
 this haha the man and his coffee
 this haha the man and his coffee
that's what happiness is made of
 and I hope you weren't betting against
 and I hope you weren't betting against
 and I hope you weren't betting against
me you would have was big man I got the
 me you would have was big man I got the
 me you would have was big man I got the
coffee still modeling light fired up 300
 coffee still modeling light fired up 300
 coffee still modeling light fired up 300
miles an hour it's time to make
 miles an hour it's time to make
 miles an hour it's time to make
beautiful rum
 and this is the finish line it's like a
 and this is the finish line it's like a
 and this is the finish line it's like a
ballet of balls all those orders
 ballet of balls all those orders
 ballet of balls all those orders
received they're getting filled right
 received they're getting filled right
 received they're getting filled right
now baby
 now baby
 now baby
my rum has been distilled and infused
 my rum has been distilled and infused
 my rum has been distilled and infused
with monsoon Malabar the bottles are
 with monsoon Malabar the bottles are
 with monsoon Malabar the bottles are
filled court and hand dipped wax
 filled court and hand dipped wax
 filled court and hand dipped wax
ready to be shipped to waiting customers
 none of this could be possible without
 none of this could be possible without
 none of this could be possible without
you and me so here's to you brother out
 you and me so here's to you brother out
 you and me so here's to you brother out
here for that thanks for everything
 no I'm a seeker that's beautiful really
 no I'm a seeker that's beautiful really
 no I'm a seeker that's beautiful really
nice 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 